##Travel and Tourism##
In travel and tourism, some of the highest paying sectors in the world, Artifical intelligence can be used to optimise the sector and formulate a better overall
experience for not only the travellers and clients, yet the sector and corporate as a whole due to the nature and application that artifical intelligence can be used for.
For instance, consider the implications of travel in safety, particularly during the screening process. If AI is used to its potential, not only does screening become 
much more potent for the sake of preventing illegal objects and potential attacks, yet it greatly speeds up the process and allows for scanning times to be much more 
efficient, creating an overall greater and safer experience in the process. Further to this, not only would it greatly help airports in handling traffic, yet for Tourism,
AI would be able to identify the best tourist destinations and cater towards every passenger and locate the optimal destinations for them to vacation on, thus generating
more revenue for the industry by increasing the volume of tourists and thereby expanding the industry. However, there are extreme limitations as of 2022 that will need to 
be resolved if there is any hope of seamlessy integrating AI in the process and generating the results that are so desired. For instance, the development of AI is 
extremely costly, which may drive up prices and stifle investment for the timebeing. Secondly, due to the high cost of AI, it proves extremely difficult to implement 
certain technologies across the entire industry, especially considering the global nature, economic differences and variety in every countries ability to invest. Not to 
mention, the use of AI will also have a negative impact on the job industry, due to no longer needing people such as TSA screener agents, and travel advisors, for AI 
would automate the processes and render the travel agent unecessary and expensive, thus causing many people to be without a job. To conclude, AI in the travel and tourism
sector hosts extreme, untapped potential that could spark an economic boom within the field, however as with nearly everything, it has its risks and limits, which will 
all need to be sorted out before any form of true change can really take place.

##Gaming and Entertainment##
The world of gaming is a broad and ever changing world, with billions being poured into software and engine development and improving graphical power by the year to be as
hyperealistic as possible. Every year, thousands of games are released, with the fanbases only becoming ever larger and more prominent. So what could AI bring to this 
sector? Well firstly, it could solve a key issue that has been pertinent with all first person online lobby shooter games. It could finally fill the lobbies with bots
that could finally deliver an authentic gaming experience, really allowing users to truly experience the game as it was intended to be. AI could also solve a key issue
in the gaming world and that is developing a system whereby the games truly cater to the skill level of the player, which allows for a more fun and enjoyable gaming 
experience, vastly improving not only overall player experience, but industry standards. However, many people can view AI as taking away the social part of gaming,
as players would interact with mostly robots and not player filled interactive lobbies. Further to this AI may be used in competitions where it would be able to best
every player, making the game unwinnable in a human perspective. In gaming, AI would introduce a lot of accessiblity, yet it may denote from the fun and social segments
of the gaming world which would pose a risk to young children playing games with social difficulties, as most of our youth do engage in games, whether it be mobile,
console or Computer based gaming. In the entertainment industry as a whole, casinos, sports bets and more, AI may be implemented in order to increase chances on bets,
create more fun challenges, decrease the risk of gambling fraud and also perhaps create new games where people may interact with AI. TV shows may use AI in order to 
improve broadcasting streams and gather information about user or watcher data and how long they do watch for, in order to improve the show or understand the viewers more.
However strong risks come along in the entertainment industry, like all industries. AI may be used to perfectly break the betting system, nearly guaranteeing a win every
time. It may also be used by corporate in order to decrease the chances of winning by analysing player moves, resulting in fraudulent and rigged games. Thus it adds a 
risk to users that they may no longer be able to enjoy gambling or playing in casino games, due to AI outsmarting or predicting all their moves.

##Education and Learning##
In the world of education, AI can prove extremely beneficial, creating the most impact only behind medical AI. With students and even teachers utilizing AI more than
ever before in order to teach their students and try elevate their grades as best as possible. In education, AI can be greatly utilized to analyse, understand and 
therefore adapt to the students and their educational needs. AI perhaps may be implemented in online learning courses, whereby the quizzes are selectively 
formulated by AI in order to achieve optimum efficiency and the best of results for the student. Teachers can also utilize AI to plan lessons, monitor students progress
and predict grades accordingly, in order to find and fill the gaps of knowledge. AI is not only useful in the academic setting, however it is extremely beneficial
in the professional learning sector, for instance pilots being trained to fly aircraft can be monitored and given ratings or scenarios by AI, technicians can use AI
in order to learn how to maximise their work to the best degree. Limitations of course include budget, many schools are not given nearly enough to be able to invest
in such a sophisticated algorithm, and frankly, there is no need for it thus far. AI may also have errors in the initial stages which may derail a students
progress card or sheet, and as for the professional learning, the market is rather niche, with AI already being used in hyper realistic simulations, so will the cost
of developing algorithms really be necessary? risks envelop perhaps certain algorithmic errors which may impact training or learning, such as giving a bad grade 
therefore going into a lower class, or perhaps not noticing an error the trainee would have made. Overall, we have a lot of time before AI is truly and seamlessly
integrated as a standard into the world of education and work.

##Transport and Navigation##
Perhaps the first sector for AI to truly be implemented, and the most realistic is transport and navigation. In fact navigation has already been dominated by AI
for quite sometime now, with navigation such as google maps, tesla autopilot and apple maps all using the highest forms of AI. AI is incredibly useful at navigation,
it can calculate the best trip times, alternative routes through traffic, it reduces the need for big bulky maps and it makes the process of navigation so much easier
than ever before, with only a few taps on the screen and you're good to go. AI has revolutionized personal travel, it has greatly improved travel times and it has
made getting to your destination easier than ever before. As for transport, we still have a way to go with AI, yet the future looks extremely promising as companies
such as tesla and mercedes pour ever more billions into researching it. Transport looks set to be taken over by AI, with driverless taxis and trains already having
successfully been tested. Transportation such as trucking also seeks to massively benefit, with a major cost decrease meaning that many products can come all the
cheaper, to the delight of consumers globally, and this is due to AI taking over the haul and drivers wages no longer being a major concern for all the big brands.
AI promises to be extremely safe and to lower the cost of travel, however a major issue with that is of course the thousands of displaced 
jobs that will fall due to AI replacing them. AI would mean that there would no longer be a use for taxi drivers or train drivers, prompting massive downsizings
of the workforce and leaving thousands of people without jobs. There is also the risk that the technology is coming too soon, with the idea that AI needs to be
more thouroughly tested before being released to the mass public. AI also has a key limitation, namely the infastructure in place for the cars and trains. If you
notice, the road signs are not clear enough, some faded, some not even present, some lights dirty excetera. Therefore it will take a mass investment to truly
bring cities up to date so that they can support the advent of AI. Further to this there is also an ethical concern. If AI becomes safer than humans, is it 
really ethical to let humans drive? Would humans just have to be shuttled constantly by AI? Yet those questions shall not be answered anytime soon, there is a long 
way to go with AI, yet not too long that many people shall see it in their lifetimes.


##Medicine and Healthcare##
Perhaps the most exciting
